---
layout: post
title: A New Year
subtitle: Thoughts on New Year's Day itself
category: eng

excerpt: 

---

As we wave goodbye to the year 2014, I wish to look back on how the year was like for me.

## January

I started, made a tough decision, to spend most of my time working on my coding skills, focusing mainly on algorithms and web development. 

## April

I participated in my first algorithmic competition - the Malaysia Computing Olympiad. Looking back, I am pretty surprised by the vast amount of knowledge I have acquired in the short span of 4 months. However, it should not (and will not) stop here. Strive further, I shall.

## July

I had the previlliged to represent Malaysia to the International Olympiad in Informatics (IOI) in Taiwan. I slipped in one of the tasks, got slightly depressed, but in the end got over it. Looking back, it was a tough journey to get there in the first place and my determination 

## August

I officially graduated from INTI College A-Levels. I was delighted to perform well enough in my A-Levels examination, which means I will be furthering my studies overseas!

## October

I am finally leaving home. It is a new life at Imperial. As I came here, I have been questioning myself the meaning of life countless of times. Also, I have been asking myself how does one seek happiness. The truth is, I have not come up with an answer yet. But it might make more sense for me to work hard and let those answers come to me in the near future.

## November

I started working on a Bitcoin-related project, <a href="www.equitybits.cc" target="_blank">equityBits</a>. It has been teaching a lot of things about persistence. Let's see how it will guide me through 2015 (Yes, I am bringing the project forward).

## Final thoughts

I am confident I am experiencing the steepest mental growth in my life in the years 2013 and 2014. There are many things I have learnt, both in life and in code (tho, I am pretty sure I have learnt more in code). If there is one thing, I would regard setting priorities as one of my greatest bringaway from the year.

No telling what the future will unfold, but definitely looking forward to an awesome 2015 :)
