---
layout: post
title: My Second Attempt in Going Vegetarian
subtitle:

excerpt:

---

I've decided to try going vegetarian again. This is by no means my first attempt in doing so. Earlier this year, around February - March 2016, I've went vegetarian for one whole month. I am planning to go partially vegetarian for, possibly an indefinite span of time.

## Why?

- Controlling my calories / cholesterol level. I am by no means trying to cut weight. I simply figure that keeping an eye on my health at a young age would be a good idea.
- For some reason, I tend to get lethargic after having meat. Red meat (like pork) tend to have a significantly stronger effect than white meat (like chicken, fish), which itself has a slightly stronger effect over vegetables. Being lethargic, however, does not mean that it helps me sleep more easily. In fact, it does the opposite - I get to a "asleep-awake steady state" (no pun intended in ["async-await"](https://github.com/tc39/ecmascript-asyncawait)), where I feel lethargic but not sleepy - definitely one of the worst feeling ever.
- It is somewhat better for the environment (in terms of energy usage, hence global warming), as vegetables are at the earlier stages of the food chain.


I do not claim that being vegetarian means destroying less wildlife's habitats - I believe plant crops  deal similar damage to wildlife, as compared to animal farms.


## Partially? Is that even a thing?

I have no idea, but that's how I am going to do it. I will go vegetarian on most of my daily meals. However, during special occasions, I will take meat. (Eg: a lunch / dinner with family during the festive season). You might argue that "special occasions" on its own is very ill-defined - and I agree with that. I expect the number of such "special occasions" to decrease over time and converge to some constant number per year in some finite number of years.

Why partially? Why not fully?

- The main reason of going vege is, and will probably always be, to maintain my health. High calorie-meals during "special occasions" will not severely affect my health.
- Rather than taking a radical step than going completely vege, I prefer take small steps, see how things goes, and adapt - just like a [closed loop control system](http://www.electronics-tutorials.ws/systems/closed-loop-system.html).
- I play sports on a reasonably regular basis, so it'd take sometime for me to figure out a suitable diet with sufficient amount of protein. (Yes, yes, I know there's beans - but it definitely ain't the nicest thing to eat on the face of the planet).
